In this lecture, I will discuss about the creation of clustering step by step.
So let me tell you one more time.
So that's a very easy way for the cluster creation.
And here they have provided you a diagram and we have four steps here.
The cluster definition, task definition service.
And finally, you are going to create a cluster.
But here I'm going to show you that cluster creation is step by step.
Or we can say in details for that you just need to click on Create Cluster.
Now here we have 3 types of cluster template.
The first one is your networking only.
Second is your EC2 Linux + networking.
And third one, which has been introduced recently, that is EC2 Windows + networking.
So first we'll discuss about the networking only.
So here are the resources to be created.
Cluster VPC optional.
Subnet optional.
So this is for the AWS.
Fargate.
It means the infrastructure for this cluster is completely managed by the AWS.
Suppose you have created few tasks for this cluster.
And those tasks are being managed by the service.
So obviously at the back end there would be some EC2 instance, it could be Linux or Windows, whatever,
but for us those servers would not be visible.
We are not able to access those instances because those instances would be completely managed by the
AWS team.
And the second one is your EC2 Linux + networking.
So if you're going to choose this option, the instances for the cluster would be created.
And as a system admin, you can access those instances and manage according to your requirement.
And here we have EC2 windows.
So here the instances would be created on Windows platform and here this is for the Linux platform.
So let me go with this networking only and it's for the AWS Fargate and click on Next Step.
Cluster name I'm giving Fargate demo cluster.
And this time I'm not going to create a VPC.
So here, VPC, we all know that VPC is an isolated portion of the AWS cloud populated by AWS objects such
as Fargate task, so let me go all defaults here.
I'm going to enable container insights so that you want to check any logs related with the cluster.
You can check it from the cloud.
Watch, let me click on create and here you can see immediately my cluster has been created and this
cluster is completely empty.
And here you can see this cluster state is provisioning and after some time its state would be active.
So provisioning means it is in creation state and here we have a number of tasks.
The first one is your service and the service there is nothing because we have not defined any service
task.
In the task you can see nothing is there ECS instances.
So here we know that this is a Fargate type cluster.
So ECS instance, so here you won't see any instances because this is a Fargate type cluster and if
there would be any instances, so that would be completely managed by the AWS and we do not have access
to those instances in the matrix.
We have an option to see the CPU utilization, memory utilization, so we can check it.
These utilization from here schedule task.
You can also schedule any task from here.
Tags, you can define the Tags, and the last option is capacity provider.
So this option will only see with the Fargate that is networking only.
And here we have 2 types.
The first one is your Fargate and the second one is your spot.
So basically this is the type of your instances.
So we know that whenever we are going to create an instance at that time, we have an option like you
want instance as a on demand or spot.
So basically it is for the costing purpose.
So here you have an option to choose.
But when you are going to create the EC2 Linux type cluster, then you will have this option at the
initial level.
I will show you once I'm going to create the cluster and the cluster type would be your EC2 Linux.
And in the interview they can ask you the capacity provider option would be visible with which cluster.
So here you can see it will be visible only with the networking only cluster type.
So here you can see my status is active.
It means my cluster is in running state.
The next is I have to create a task and with the help of task I'm going to create my container.
So first of all, I need the Docker image and that Docker image I'm going to run as a container using
this task.
So that's all.
In the next lecture, I will show you how we can create a task from here.